[Music]
hey everyone welcome back to another
episode of honeysuckle catering today
I'm gonna show you how to make my
childhood favorite it is actually still
a favorite today the Vietnamese sandwich
or it's also called bud made pitenin
there's so many different varieties of
fillings for the sandwich you can have
grilled pork grilled chicken meatball
fish the variety of endless today we're
gonna be making the grilled pork a crowd
favorite I'm gonna break each of the
steps down so that it's super easy and
simple for you to follow let's get
started we're gonna start with how to
make the grilled pork well you'll need
are a pound of sliced pork shoulder I
have one that's already pre sliced from
me that I bought at the Asian market a
tablespoon of black soy sauce and this
isn't your regular soy sauce that you
use for sushi it's actually a thicker
soy sauce that has molasses in it and so
it's nice and thick and has that caramel
texture to it this can also be found at
the Asian market a tablespoon of fish
sauce
half a tablespoon of sugar two cloves of
garlic half of a shallot and some salt
and pepper
now take your garlic and mix it well
I put it in a bowl now take your half a
shallot and mince that well now combine
your soy sauce fish sauce sugar and put
it in a bowl with the garlic and shallot
and mix it well now take your sliced
pork and put it in the bowl and mix it
well so that everything marinade
[Music]
take a dash of salt and pepper to give
it some extra seasoning now set it aside
in the fridge for about half an hour so
that the flavors all come together next
I'm going to show you how to make the
pickled carrot and daikon this is a
sweet salty tangy condiment that goes
well with so many of you in these dishes
you're gonna need 1 cup of warm water 1
cup of distilled white vinegar a carrot
a daikon tablespoon of sugar plus a
quarter cup of sugar
1/8 cup of salt plus a tablespoon of
salt first you're gonna peel off the
carrot and daikon clean cut it into
matchsticks
you're gonna want equal amounts of
daikon and carrot for this recipe
now put your daikon and carrot in a bowl
and with the tablespoon of salt a
tablespoon of sugar combine it and let
it sit you're going to be drawing out
all the water and juices from the carrot
and daikon this will help make it
flexible let it sit for about 10 minutes
so it can soak all the water out it's
been 10 minutes and our carrot and
daikon all ready you should be able to
bend the carrot or daikon without it
breaking you take your carrots and
daikon and run it under cold water to
rinse off the salt and sugar then
transfer it back to the bowl take your
quarter cup of sugar an eighth cup of
salt and mix it into the warm water and
stir it until it dissolves now take your
cup of distilled white vinegar and pour
it into your sugar and salt mixture and
then pour everything over as a carrot
and daikon you're going to want to let
it sit for an hour to overnight
so then it pickles and it's ready to use
now it's time to cook our grilled pork
if you have a grill pan you can go ahead
and put it on the stove and cook it on
high for about three minutes on each
side until it's nice and dark and
Carmelina if you don't have a grill pan
any pan will do
[Music]
now it's time to assemble our money
you're gonna need a Vietnamese French
baguette sour pickled carrot and daikon
cilantro some sliced jalapeno some
sliced onions mayo and Maggi sauce take
your baguette it slice it lengthwise
with your Mayo spread it inside
[Music]
now take your grilled pork I would say
about half a cup of grilled pork and
layer it inside the baguette you want
the sandwich to be meaty
now take your pickled daikon and carrots
layer it on and then take your cilantro
onions and jalapenos and layer those on
as well now the last step is a secret
sauce the Maggi sauce business is more
flavorful than soy sauce and it has a
special seasoning to it and just squirt
a few squirts and you're done
[Music]
and there you have it the Vietnamese
sandwich or bun meat pit no it's so good
look how media it is and then this layer
of airy bread I'm gonna try it
[Music]
I really hope you enjoyed this episode
this is my favorite dish of all time if
you'd like to see more episodes please
subscribe above and let me know what you
think of this recipe below and visit my
Facebook to get more updates and I hope
to see you soon bye
[Music]
you